Straight back to the kitchen?
Just leave the vegetables.
This won't do.
Go take some rest.
What do I do?
Till I don't enter the kitchen,
it doesn't feel like home.
Watch this, I'll be back.
It's 1000 rupees.
Harshad Bhai is planning something, right?
It will all work out soon.
I'm getting a job... in Sri Lanka.
All the way to Sri Lanka?
I can't keep sitting
idle at home, can I?
You work so hard at the parlour...
and then all the household chores...
Are you done?
The parlour is paying enough
to run the house, right?
And I like working there.
They're increasing
my salary next month.
Listen to me.
Weren't you the one
telling Harshad Bhai...
...that time is a great healer?
So then, time needs some time.
Just two minutes, Pappa.
Dinner is almost ready.
How much do we still owe
Suresh Bhai?
It's a loss of 10 lakhs.
We've returned three,
seven lakhs are pending.
When one has gold at home...
...one sleeps peacefully.
Why do you think our elders
collected gold?
So when hard times come...
- ...they can...
- Shanti Bhai, don't worry at all.
Harshad and Ashwin are
like family to me.
Yes. But I had warned Harshad...
...to be careful.
You know how it is...
When it rains...
...even if you have an umbrella...
...you can still fall
on a slippery road.
I'm not the only one,
the entire market has slipped.
And when it was raining money,
no one bothered opening their umbrellas.
- Everyone was busy getting drenched.
- But everything has washed away now!
- There's nothing left.
We are sitting here with
our family gold!
Please calm down...
[Suresh] 'It happens.'
I'm sorry, Suresh Bhai.
Suresh Bhai,
these are my property papers.
The flat and this gold...
...should cover your seven lakhs.
What are you saying, Shanti Bhai?
There's no need for
these property papers.
The money isn't running away, is it?
Well, in that case,
why don't you restart our trading account?
I might be able to pay you back sooner.
Look Harshad...
...you earned three lakhs
in three years.
And you lost 10 lakhs in 10 minutes.
So, obviously the stock market
is not that easy...
...that you will get in and
start minting right away.
So, until you return the full amount,
your trading account will remain suspended.
[Suresh] 'The boy is smart
but he wants to charge ahead.'
He needs to learn how to walk first...
How come you're still up?
No, well...
...I think I ate too much.
I did take some digestive.
You tell me.
Why are you awake?
There's a meeting tomorrow.
Once our trading account
is up and running...
- ...then see...
- Harshad.
You always swim against the tide.
You dream during the day
and stay up at night.
It's not like your trading account
will restart if you stay awake.
Go to sleep. Okay?
You're scared, aren't you?
...that we might have
to leave Bombay again?
No... Nothing like that.
Pappa.
Never lie to the night.
The night holds all our secrets.
My stock-broker son...
...when did you turn into a poet?
As long as I live...
...I won't let Bombay Stock Exchange
out of my sight.
And BSE is right here, in Bombay.
So Mr. Shantilal, go sleep in peace.
[Screaming]
[sobbing]
[Harshad] 'So Mr. Shantilal...'
Had we known earlier,
we could've taken him to the hospital.
And how would we afford
the hospital bills?
It's for the better.
He passed away in his sleep peacefully.
He was most worried about you.
'Worrying is a sure path to your pyre'.
That's what Mr. Shantilal used to say.
[Title Montage]
I knew that Telco and Zenith would surge.
I could have made a solid profit.
I'm getting a job in Sri Lanka.
I'm seriously considering it.
This is the time to stay together
and you are also planning to leave me?
'Also'?
Pappa has already...
See, we have the brains.
You know we can do this.
I had predicted the rise and fall
of all these shares.
This paper-trading...
...is like watching cricket
at a corner store...
...and giving instructions
to Gavaskar.
Step onto the wicket yourself,
and you're bowled.
If I had the money,
I'd be no less than Gavaskar here.
But we don't have the money!
Harshad Bhai, it's been a while.
Three specials.
Tea is on me today.
The tip you gave me last time,
it worked wonders.
By God's grace, I earned a lot.
Maybe you are fed up with the market...
...but don't stop giving us tips.
At least our pockets will be full!
-[Vikas] 'What say?'
- Hey, Vikas!
Coming! Give them the tea
and put it on my tab.
Let's start consulting.
- What?
- A consultancy firm.
Are you serious?
Look, we don't have money...
...and our faces aren't
going to attract any.
So, let's put our brains to work.
If we can turn five rupees into ten for anybody
we'll make at least 50 paise in commission.
After the crash, the stock market
is a very risky place.
- I don't think it's a good proposal.
- No...
That's not the stock market's fault...
...that it is like a game
of snakes and ladders.
Hear me out Dhruv Bhai,
just this once, roll the dice...
Who knows, you might just
land on the ladder to the top!
And what if it slips again?
How much lower can it slip,
Dhruv Bhai?
The market is at its rock-bottom.
The only way now, is up.
And look, ours is a new company.
We won't ruin our reputation
for the sake of pennies, will we?
That's riskier
than the market crashing.
- Ashwin, tell me the truth.
- Yes.
Am I the first lamb you're sacrificing?
- Buffalo.
- What?
- Singing to a buffalo.
- What do you mean?
[Harshad] 'Really, Ashwin!'
What's the point of talking to someone
who is not interested in the markets?
Isn't it like singing to a buffalo?
Didn't I tell you? These Chartered Accountants
live in fear of the red line.
He's a future client, Harshad.
- How can you say such things about a client?
- What client?
The buffalo isn't born yet,
and you're celebrating with buttermilk?
A client is one who invests money.
But he is not interested
in making any investment.
Have you managed to find
even a single client?
I've found a client
who's investing 4.5 lakhs.
[Ashwin] 'So, you just stay quiet.'
Dhruv Bhai, ignore him, he's hot-headed.
Please don't let this come
in the way of our friendship.
Look. It's your money, your wish.
- After all, he who wields the stick, gets the buffalo.
- Hey!
Stop with the 'buffalo' sayings. Please.
I haven't refused yet.
One lakh.
I can invest up to one lakh.
[Dhruv] 'If you get me to the ladder,
we'll roll again.'
[Ashwin] 'Your buffalo sayings
could have cost us heavily!'
You are no less! You laid a
good '4.5 lakh' trap.
That wasn't a trap,
we do have 4.5 lakhs.
Hey! Come here.
From where?
- From my in-laws.
- Meaning?
Meaning, I have spoken to Deepika's father.
- Your father-in-law?
- Yes.
- But...
- It was from his retirement fund.
If the Goddess of wealth knocks at my door,
won't I open it?
He offered, I accepted.
And who knows, my father-in-law's money
might bring us success.
Right?
What is success, after all?
The next chapter after failure.
Well said, my Taarak Mehta!
Harshad Mehta.
Ashwin Mehta.
[Suresh] 'Growmore.
What does it mean?'
'Grow' means 'to progress'.
'More' means 'a lot'.
Progress a lot.
Prosper a lot.
English names are all the rage
these days, right?
Look at Sujata Steels.
They changed their name to Stallion Steels...
...and in 2 months, their price rose
from seven to twelve rupees.
People tend to trust
English names more, isn't it?
Well, I've settled the accounts.
We owe you a little more...
We'll return it soon.
There is no need to worry.
So tell me,
what are your future plans?
You have some investors, right?
What I mean is...
...to invest,
you'd need a broker, right?
That's right.
We'll become sub-brokers somewhere.
Somewhere? Why not here?
But you've suspended
our trading account, right?
So obviously we can't be sub-brokers here.
Your trading account resumes today.
Don't think too much.
Today is an auspicious day.
Okay. From today,
I make you my sub-broker.
Anything else?
So...
What's your address?
Where do I visit you
for a cup of tea?
I have eight offices in this building...
But you are very lucky...
...that your father's old
office is available.
I know it looks a bit messy.
But, I'll get it cleaned
and it'll be spanking new.
What's the rent?
[Landlord] 'The previous tenant
used to pay 250 rupees.'
'You're like family. It's negotiable.'
What's important is that
all textile traders have offices here...
You can get everything you need.
Buttons, thread, needles...
Our business is not textiles.
But your father...
...he did run a textile business then...
...but we are in the share market.
Harshad, he is quoting 500 rupees rent
and a deposit of 5000.
Whatever it is, let's take it.
Are you sure?
Why did you have to move
into that same office?
That office has given us nothing.
In fact, it took away everything we had.
- Please don't worry...
- Why shouldn't I worry?
- What is it called? Bad...
- Bad luck.
- Right?
- Yes.
Nothing will go wrong.
All traders there
are minting money.
Here, read this paper.
- I don't want to.
- What's your zodiac? Aren't you an Aries...
Hey! Where did you go
early in the morning?
Fact-finding.
- Research.
- Research? Researching tea?
Are we starting a tea stall now?
- Mummy, get me a cup of tea please?
- Yes.
We should invest in tea.
Hey! Just because a tea seller
increased the price by 50 paise...
...now you think the stock market
will boom because of this?
I'm not talking about loose change.
I've just spoken to Harish, the one from Kenya.
So?
Do you know which country
produces the most tea in the world?
- China.
- Rubbish!
- Why?
- It's Africa.
More than thirty percent of
the world's tea is produced in Africa.
Sri Lanka is in second position
and India comes fourth.
That's good to know
but how does it matter to us?
It matters a lot, brother.
Mavtho has changed
the whole game this year.
What's Mavtho?
Unseasonal rainfall.
This has dropped tea production
in Africa considerably.
Is it?
- Now they won't be able to meet the demand.
- Correct.
So, who is going to benefit from it?
Uhh...
- India.
- Yes, right.
Look at this, Indian tea exports
are about to double this year.
- So, the profits too will double.
- Double.
- So, let's invest big in Tata Tea.
- There are other companies too.
There's Harrisons Malayalam...
McLeod Russell.
McLeod pays a 20 percent
dividend every year.
But its share price is only 14 rupees.
If we invest in it,
we're sure to make a profit.
So, what's your speed?
Sir, I can type
80 words per minute.
Okay.
Do you own a typewriter?
No, sir. You will have to
give me a typewriter.
No, no...
If you want to work here,
you'll have to get your own typewriter.
I can type in Hindi, English,
Gujarati and Marathi.
Yes, Rebello, sit down.
Rebello, what's your typing speed?
- Forty.
- Just forty?
- Yes, sir.
- I write faster than that by hand.
But I will improve, sir.
I practice every day.
- Where?
- At home.
- Do you own a typewriter?
- Yes.
[Harshad] 'Dear Mr. Rawal...'
'...we at Growmore Consultants
would like to invite you...'
'...to open a trading account
with us.'
'Here we can park your surplus money
into the stock markets...'
'...under our
portfolio management scheme.'
'Our business strategy rests
on the belief...'
'...that we can provide you
with good service and higher returns.'
'Yours truly,
Harshad Mehta for Growmore.'
[Rahil] 'What're you even saying?'
I told you, this would go past my head.
See? I was right.
I don't understand.
How can I sell shares
that I don't have?
- It's called selling short.
- That may be so.
- But how is it done?
- Look, you don't have the shares...
...but the broker who handles your
trading account has plenty shares.
Let's assume...
Reliance is 100 rupees today...
...and you think it might drop.
So you ask your broker to sell 10 shares
on your behalf, for 100 rupees each.
So he sells 10 shares for 100 rupees each.
How much does he make?
A thousand rupees.
Will that 1000 be mine?
Not yet. It's not so easy.
- First, you have to replace the shares
that he sold for you, correct? - Yes.
And this settlement cycle lasts 14 days
in the share market.
Now in these 14 days,
the share price can fluctuate.
It could go to 110, 120, 80, 90, etcetera.
Now say, the day the share value is at 80...
...you ask your broker
to buy ten shares for you...
...how much does he pay for them?
- 800?
- Yes.
This is called 'squaring off a transaction'.
Sold for 1000, bought back at 800,
what's the profit?
200? A profit of 200?
Not entirely,
some is deducted as commission.
The rest is yours.
This is like betting in cricket, isn't it?
You bet on the losing team,
the team loses and you make a profit.
But what if the team wins?
What if the share price goes up?
But if you know the team's history...
...the player's record,
the condition of the pitch...
...then it's not betting.
It's a calculated prediction.
Are you sure about this?
Trust Harshad's sharp business sense.
It slices past the best of them.
[Pranav] 'Plain papadum,
pickled papadum.'
'Plain papadum, pickled papad...'
Plain meaning... family and friends..
And pickled?
The contacts you add outside.
In six months, all you have are
a few home-grown clients...
...and not a single pickled one
from elsewhere.
How far will you go like this?
Pranav Bhai, I am not interested
in rolling papadums.
I want to directly fry and eat them
with a tomato-onion garnish.
Are you asking for corporate clients now?
You can surely get me a few.
You're well-versed with the corporate world now.
Don't even think about it,
Corporate clients won't come here.
But there are a few wealthy birds.
We can spread some Seed for them.
But hey! They won't grace
this pigeonhole of yours.
Your poverty will
trouble their rich souls.
Okay. I'll do whatever you say.
How well does English roll off your tongue?
My company is relatively new.
But I have a fresh approach
towards the market.
I've been consistently delivering
37 percent profit...
...to all my clients
for the last 10 months.
Have a look.
But the base capital is quite low.
How does the profit matter?
Sir, look at it this way.
The glass is half full.
Have you ever seen a return
of 14 rupees on an investment of 10?
Before you know it, ten lakhs
will turn into 14.
I can serve you pure profit on a platter.
Share market isn't Ali Baba's cave, is it?
You'll say 'Open Sesame'
and the door to the treasure will open?
You're absolutely right.
This is neither a cave nor is it magic.
And that's the very perception
we have to change.
See, it's all about research
and analysis.
We conduct proper research and analysis,
and only then we invest your money in the market.
What kind of research?
By research I mean, the company's balance sheet,
its future plans...
...and some crucial confidential
information that only a few know about.
To cut a long story short...
Last month... Easy, be careful.
What if I had told you a month back...
...to bet on the Indian cricket team
because it's going to win the World Cup.
Would you have done it?
But now look, India has won the World Cup.
Now think about this. The ones
who did bet on India...
What a fortune they must have made!
Remember one thing. Harshad...
...is the Kapil Dev of BSE.
Don't think too much. Let's drink to this.
- Cheers.
Come here.
I need to talk to you.
Carry on gentlemen.
I couldn't bear it any longer,
so I jumped in. Sorry.
Now my Ali Baba, go keep your
40 thieves engaged with money...
I'll go get my honey...
Darling, I hate tears
But I love cheers!
Yeah!
Come, come...
Gentlemen, meet my butterflies.
Butterflies, meet your bumblebees.
Why are you tightening your trousers?
It's time to loosen them now.
Hey!
He's completely useless.
You're a fool!
You've become a workhorse.
Be smarter!
When did you leave the party?
- Didn't I tell you before leaving?
- That early?
- I'm a family man, I can't do this.
- Huh?
Yes, we have families.
We can't do this.
Hey, family wallahs!
All those were also family men.
Ashwin, this is how you run a business.
You will earn money only if you mingle.
Four of them were ready
to invest ten lakhs, but him...
- Family man.
- Just four?
Didn't you say there were 40 people?
-[Pranav] 'How does it matter?'
- Look at this.
Open Sesame.
What is it?
"Govardhan."
"Gordhandas."
"Manilal."
"Vasant."
Vasant gave you money?!
Ali Baba and thieves galore,
Harshad and Growmore.
Give me a high five.
Ms. Dalal, do you know...
...how many floors there are
in the Bombay Stock Exchange?
Twenty-eight.
Running between these 28 floors
and gathering...
...every bit of information every day
could be your job.
Does it still sound exciting?
Yes. Yes, it does.
Also, I run around a lot in my current job
so that shouldn't be a problem at all.
Ms. Dalal, I really want to know this.
Why do you want to take up a career
in something where there are no women?
Should that really matter, sir?
I mean, let's look at the big picture.
The more stereotypes we break,
the more society benefits.
Sir, I just want to be a great journalist.
And to answer your question,
if that makes me...
...the first female financial journalist...
...then it's all the more reason
for me to work hard and excel.
The fact that
it's a lesser-travelled road...
...that, that doesn't bother me.
Well, lesser-travelled roads would
also mean less salary.
We can't even pay you half of what
you are getting in your current hotel job.
Well, if I am working
in the finance sector...
...I will at least need enough
to manage my own finances.
And, how much would that be?
Uhm...
You guys make such pathetic tea...
...that even the biscuit shies away.
If you are going to serve cold tea...
...then why do you boil
the tea leaves till they burn?
Who makes this tea?
Wait a minute.
Let me tell you how tea is made.
First, boil some water
without tea leaves.
Add some cardamom,
some ginger and some lobongo.
- What's that?
- Cloves...
- Then say that.
- Okay, my master. Cloves.
Once the water boils,
add the tea leaves.
Don't boil the tea leaves to death. Okay?
Then add a little milk. Simple.
Tea is ready.
- And when do we add sugar?
- At the end.
Did you get it? Now give this
to the one who makes tea.
Keep it with you, sir.
He doesn't know to read.
I will explain it to him.
Hello, take this with you!
- Debashis?
- Sir.
This is Sucheta Dalal.
Oh, yes, sir. You told me.
Show her the Bombay Stock Exchange,
yeah?
Sure sir.
- All the best.
- Thank you, sir.
To your left, is the SBI.
People save money there
and lose it here at the BSE.
Okay. Here we are.
By the way, Bombay's
best sandwiches are sold here.
And with that, mint chutney
and market-gossip for free.
Come.
- First, we'll meet Agarwal sir
and then the rest. - Okay.
- Hey, Jignesh Bhai.
- Debashis Bhai.
- Debashis Bhai, the market is rocking today!
- Is it?
The index went through the roof of BSE.
We will make a solid profit today.
Look, in the pursuit of profit,
don't forget your newspaper article, Jignesh Bhai.
And when will you get me those
special sweets from Surat?
Just say the word, boss.
I'll call for them by
the morning train.
- Anything else?
- Please, thank you.
- Okay, then. Bye.
- Bye.
That's the financial reporter
of Ahmedabad Samachar. Jignesh.
What happened?
What are you looking at?
Oh, okay! Come.
Look, neither reporters nor financial
newspapers... can survive at 1200 to 1500 rupees
This is how the system works.
They all eat, sleep
and shit together with the traders.
They get so much insider news that
in a few years, everyone is well-settled.
- Do you trade too?
- No... I don't have patience.
Trades are always like
watching paint dry or grass grow.
I would
rather invest in diamonds.
So, what's a diamond guy
doing in Dalal street?
- All my sources are here.
- Ah.
Come.
We went too deep into Blowcast.
We had invested the right amount
at the right time.
The entire market is on a high.
But we're screwed.
Let it be.
What's gone is gone.
Look, if we have to do this,
we can't do it by ourselves.
We need staff. We need someone
who has some experience.
Someone who knows to play the ring...
...and who can also handle
the back office and accounts.
In short, we need
a team player, brother.
I know one such all-rounder.
Are you on drugs
or do you take me for a fool?
You are asking me to quit
my job with Ambalal saheb...
...and work for you at a lesser pay?
You enjoy working for peanuts?
Forget salary and commission.
Concentrate on the profit.
The share market is a deep well...
...that can quench the entire nation's
thirst for money.
And I want to dive into this well.
I want to go very deep.
Look, I want to create history.
And history is not easy to make.
It needs the conviction and support of people.
I want to build an army of a 100...
who are willing to give me their 100 percent.
Then I'm a thousand and one per cent sure
that we'll create history.
There can only be one commander to my army.
Bhushan Bhatt.
We are old partners.
Are you offering me a partnership?
Take whatever you want.
The company is yours.
But first, accept my offer
and join hands with me.
[Sucheta] 'While I was busy
understanding the world of the share market...'
'...Harshad was busy making
the share market his world.'
'He was playing the game,
I was still learning it.'
'Slowly but surely, his horizons
began to widen.'
'Now, more than just one game,
he was looking at the whole playing field.'
'Soon, his dreams would outgrow the ring.'
'But in this ring, there was a ringmaster.
Black Cobra. That is, Manu Mundra.'
'The market danced
to Manu Bhai's tunes.'
'Even the biggest companies in India
feared Mundra's decisions.'
'And in the market,
there was one mongoose...
...who could take on the cobra.'
Okay, I'll do it. Okay.
Harshad, it was Jignesh on the phone.
A broker's membership card is being auctioned.
What do you say?
What's there to say. Go ahead.
I've already spoken to
Parekh Bhai for sponsorship.
- The money will be arranged.
- Good.
Tea.
The people from Kesari Tours had called.
Let's go to Shimla in December?
Did you hear what mummy said?
She wants to go to Shimla in December.
Tell her she will freeze!
Duffer, in December people come
from all over to see the snowfall.
- December is the right time.
- Right?
- Yeah.
- Even the cost is reasonable.
And they also have a vegetarian cook.
So, we can have Gujarati food.
That's great. Then we'll have
Shrikhand-Poori all the way.
Ask them to send the details.
Go, turn on the radio.
It's time for Pappa's news. Go.
[Newsreader] '...this sad news.
Prime Minister Indira Gandhi is no more.'
'Mrs. Gandhi was critically
injured this morning...'
'...after being shot by
her security guards.'
'She was immediately rushed
to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences...'
'...where she succumbed
to her injuries.'
'According to reliable sources...'
'...Rajiv Gandhi will be sworn in
as the next Prime Minister of India.'
There was an attempt...
...on Mrs. Gandhi life at
the Prime Minister's residence.
She was taken to All India Institute
of Medical Sciences immediately.
[Sucheta] 'Death of the Prime Minister
Indira Gandhi...'
[Sucheta] '...was a watershed
event in Indian politics.'
[Sucheta] 'It was
unexpected and shocking...'
[Sucheta] 'and it had
violent repercussions...'
'On one hand, thousands of people
were dying in riots...'
'...and on the other, the nation
turned a blind eye to the situation.'
'Meanwhile, Rajiv Gandhi was being served up
Prime Ministership on a platter...'
'And many people refused to believe that
a man who was just a pilot...'
'...would be able to lead the country
just because his surname was Gandhi.'
How long will this pilot last?
What do you think, Maheshwari?
Till December at best.
He won't be there
beyond the elections.
People don't believe that
this pilot will take off.
And I think the time is ripe...
...to square off all the bull trades...
...and take positions in the market.
Let's f*****g break the market.
Bhai Ashwin, pull out all you can
from the market.
It's a nosedive.
Soon the index will be in the dust.
Let's allow it to recover a little.
Then we'll sell.
- What do you say, Harshad?
-[Pranav] 'What do you think?'
This is not
the economy class of an airplane.
The nation's economy is in his hands now.
And soon, we will be
roaming the market with begging bowls.
Harshad, are you even listening?
If I say what I want,
you'll get a headache.
- Still want to hear it?
- Okay.
I'm all ears.
The masala of the market is created
from four spices.
- Masala?
- Yes.
Firstly, tip.
Or information, insider trading, research.
Now add some risk to it.
Higher the risk, spicier the market.
Grind some passion into this mixture.
- What kind of passion?
-[Harshad] 'Emotion.'
As the trade pundits say,
"Understand the sentiment of the market".
So, understand the emotion.
And now add a pinch of luck. There you go.
The market's masala is ready.
Is he trading or cooking?
Ashwin?
Pranav Bhai, your masala is too
heavy on emotions.
And man always makes mistakes
when he is emotional.
This is the time to
add a tempering of risk.
This is not the time to sell.
It's the time to buy.
The lower these bears pull the market...
...the higher it will bounce.
It will rebound. Look at this.
This pilot is going to fly high.
And so are we.
Pranav Bhai, I rarely agree with Harshad.
But today is one such day.
This is exactly the problem
with you Bulls.
A Bull kills you with hope.
And a Bear kills you with fear.
Look at this. Read this paragraph.
Look.
Indrol, Zuari Agro, SPIC.
Do you know how cheap they are?
Once they surge,
there will be no stopping them.
Are you crazy?
The country is up in flames.
People aren't driving cars.
They're burning them.
And at a time like this,
you want to invest in oil, in petroleum?
My friend. You need petrol either way.
Whether it is to drive a car, or to burn it.
Forget the sentimental value.
Look at the real value, darling.
Yes, brother. This is confirmed news.
Indrol will drown today.
Who's screwing with Indrol?
Cobra! Cobra!
He's short on Indrol.
It will crash today for sure.
But we've taken a rather
long position on it.
So what, brother?
The Cobra's tail is longer.
[Bhushan] 'Trust me, let it go, we can bear
a little loss.'
But we don't have the cash to
hold our position.
We'll catch this bloody Cobra
by his long tail!
He'll be gone for a long time.
- Let's ask all our clients to buy instead.
-Huh?!
Tell all our clients to buy Indrol.
Buy as much as possible. Everything.
Buy Indrol, everyone.
Buy as much as possible.
- Hey, Sachin Bhau...
- Hello, Siddeshji. How're you?
I have good news for you.
Vaghji Bhai, having fun?
Hello, Victor Anna. How're you?
Greetings, Anand Kumarji.
How're you doing?
Rahil, what's up? It's a great day
for investment.
Buy all the shares today.
This is the time
for a guaranteed profit.
No... I guarantee you.
This is a good day to invest.
Trust me.
That's great.
It's Harshad's guarantee.
Don't worry.
You wanted to invest
a big amount, right?
Come on, spend some more!
It's a great opportunity
to sweep up these shares.
This is the smoothest time.
This share will make you rich.
If you agree, we can hit
a sixer on this one.
Yes. Okay, thank you.
What?
Sure. Okay, thank you.
I'm glad we sold off Indrol
this morning.
Shall we square off the positions
and book our profit?
- What say, Raju?
- No. Let's hold the position.
Indrol will drop further.
Listen, come here.
Buy Indrol. Tell everyone.
Indrol! Indrol! Indrol!
I've to go to the washroom.
In trying to hold our positions,
we've incurred a serious loss.
We were all set.
-[phone rings]
- Suddenly, just as short covering began...
...it started rising.
One minute. Yes?
Later.
Who's pushing it up?
Manu Bhai, at the last moment,
the buying orders...
Raju! Don't talk like an ass.
Where are the buying orders coming from?
LIC? UTI? Ambani?
- Who's buying it?
- We can't say for sure.
But that Harshad... he was in good mood.
He's buying a lot nowadays.
Harshad? Who?
That f****r Harshad Mehta?
Yes, Manu Bhai.
He's giving 60 to 70 percent
returns to his investors.
- And who's funding him?
- It isn't just one source.
They're all are genuine investors.
Hey, Maheshwari...
[phone ringing]
[Manu Manek] 'Hold on for a minute.'
In this market of ours,
there are no genuine investors...
...Everyone is an opportunist.
And that a*****e you are
talking about... what's his name?
- Harshad Mehta.
-[Manu] 'Harshad Mehta.'
When the time comes,
we'll make sure he falls too.
[Newsreader] 'Greetings.'
' Finance Minister, Mr. Vishwanath Pratap Singh
presented the annual budget in the parliament today.'
'The highlights of which, are thus.'
[Sucheta] 'For 16 months,
Harshad bought all he could...'
'...without any backup plan.'
'...he invested heavily in companies like
Indrol, Zuari Agro and SPIC.
'The Bull set his pace trusting
the on-going liberalisation policy.'
'but the promises that the government
had made on long-term fiscal policies...'
'...had been forgotten
in this budget.'
The finance minister said that
after all revenue calculations...
...next year's budget will be
short by 3,650 crore rupees...
...and for this deficit
there is no arrangement yet.
[Sucheta] 'Fear always overpowers hope.'
'And the bear gang was using
this sentiment against the Bull.'
'The moment the Bull weakened,
the Bears rose.'
'And this time Manu Mundra attacked
one of Harshad's favourite stocks.'
'SPIC.'
SPIC is where Harshad's heart is.
And we must pull SPIC down some more.
The further SPIC falls, the lower Harshad drops.
Who the f**k is this Harshad Mehta?
Is he a Tata? Is he an Ambani?
Who's he?
Maheshwari...
...targeting the stock will only...
M**********r!
Pramod?
Why did you get me tea in a steel cup?
M**********r!
Targeting the stock will only shake him,
not break him.
He might pause. But he won't bend.
If there's one thing we want to target...
It's not the stock. It's his reputation.
Maheshwari, when you can't tarnish
someone's work, tarnish their name.
The worse his reputation,
The lesser people will trust him.
And without trust,
there won't be any investment.
Without investment,
Consider the bull's balls cut forever.
It'll never rise again.
So let's do one thing.
Let's create a perception about Harshad
among his investors.
What perception?
That Harshad has lost
60-70 lakhs in SPIC.
No... More than one crore.
The number must be huge.
That's when traders will
start selling the stocks he holds.
And once traders start selling...
It's a free fall. Yes!
The bull will be sacrificed this time.
- What's up Harshad Bhai?
- Welcome.
What's up, Jignesh Bhai?
Ahmedabad Samachar at my doorstep
delivering news personally!
- How did you know?
- Nothing is secret for a reporter.
You know everything about everything.
Tell me. What are the headlines?
Manu Bhai's people are planning to
throw your reputation to the wind.
Of course, they will.
Now that he's pulled SPIC so low,
it's obvious he will celebrate a little.
Let him.
We will turn the tide in no time.
Manu Bhai's people are going to
further target SPIC tomorrow.
Is that it or you have some more news?
The inside news in the market is that you won't
be able to square up with the exchange.
Jignesh Bhai, that's not inside news.
This is called a rumour.
We have a margin of one crore
with BSE.
We can easily cover the loss.
Are people so gullible?
That they will blindly believe Manu Bhai?
Today, Manu Bhai's lies
are taken as the gospel truth.
Think about it. I'll be off.
- Stay. Have some tea.
- Next time.
I have more news to deliver.
I'm not afraid of Manu Bhai.
He's not that powerful.
While the rich sleep in chambers of gold...
...the poor stay up all night in the cold.
What are you saying?
Speak in a language I understand.
Look, Bhai.
We don't need to fear Manu Bhai.
We need to be afraid of the people
who believe in Manu Bhai.
Those who are worried
of becoming poor overnight.
Manu Bhai cannot destroy us.
But those weak people who lose their
sleep over this rumour, can destroy us.
Brother, I suggest we must pull back
as much as we can, as soon as we can.
We are the target. They'll try to break
every position that we're holding.
Bhushan, what you're saying
is not that easy.
Harshad, we need to think of something.
He is after our reputation, right?
[Harshad] 'There's only one way of saving it.'
'We have to clear all our dues.'
'Let's prepare cheques to
clear all payments.'
'And alongside, a letter that says...'
'...Forget default, Growmore is clearing off
its dues 14 days in advance.'
And before the market opens,
let's meet Mayya Bhai.
'When the executive director of BSE
announces that this is all just a rumour...'
'...everyone's ears will perk up.'
'All the payment cheques are ready
with signature.'
The settlement period is of 14 days.
Why are you clearing the payments so early?
Because it's a matter of reputation.
We know...
...that normally people carry forward
the trade till the next settlement...
...and then go looking for funds.
But some people in BSE
are spreading rumours...
...that Growmore has no funds...
...and that we would default
on our payments.
That's why I'm clearing all the dues
in advance.
So that it becomes clear to all
that Growmore is in no shortage of funds.
Mayyaji, please put up a notice...
...saying "Everything is fine at Growmore".
Because, if the people spreading these rumours
don't shut up...
...then more than Harshad Mehta,
this will affect the market.
I can't put up a notice.
But don't worry.
I will tell the board that
Growmore has paid all its dues in advance.
And as far as the market goes...
Don't worry about that.
The market is quite
shaken up after the budget.
And we won't let anyone
manipulate the market so easily, will we?
Whoever that may be.
Bhai, I will call Jignesh right away.
This news should be
in every financial column tomorrow.
It won't be of any use
if it's published tomorrow.
This news must reach people
before the market opens today.
If required, we'll scream from the rooftops
that we have made the payment.
How was the meeting, brother?
[Harshad] 'Bhushan...'
'...from Wafadar Tea House to the sandwich stall,
from the lunch home to Irani Cafe.'
Spread this news like wildfire...
...that Mehta has made
the payment.
Don't take money from anyone.
Tell everyone that
tea is on Harshad Mehta today.
He's the Bachchan of BSE.
Who doesn't know him?
BSE means Harshad Mehta.
Look at that.
'CONGRATULATIONS TO HARSHAD MEHTA.
TEA IS ON HARSHAD BHAI.'
[Harshad] 'This news should reach
every nook and cranny of BSE...'
'...that Harshad Mehta doesn't just
talk. He acts.'
'Push the message so hard that nobody
ever doubts the honesty of the Mehta Brothers.'
Tea is on Harshad Bhai today.
Free? What's the occasion?
Everyone was saying
that Harshad Bhai is bankrupt.
But he's cleared
everyone's payments in advance.
- In advance?
- Yes.
[Harshad] 'Let every jobber and broker of BSE know
that it's our time now.'
'There should be no doubt
in anyone's mind.'
'In Mehta's reign, the market will go insane.'
Harshad could have waited out
the settlement period, if he wanted.
But he didn't.
He incurred such a huge personal loss
for the sake of his reputation.
Everyone is saying,
'In Mehta's reign, the market will go insane.'
Insane?
Don't talk like a fool.
This insanity won't last long.
The f****r will end up naked.
M**********r.
How long will he pay
from his own pocket?
To hell with Manu!
Bloody Cobra!
You turned out to be a mongoose.
Mongoose means... Cobra killer.
You are the Cobra killer.
Even MotaBhai must be thanking him today.
The poor can now get some respite.
That rich m**********r won't sleep tonight.
[Song playing]
[Theme Music Playing]